Added flame_oxygen (#823)
flame-engine/flame: doc/oxygen.md

# Oxygen

> We (the Flame organization) build an ECS(Entity Component System) named Oxygen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We (the Flame organization) built an ECS(Entity Component System) named Oxygen.
```

## Systems

Systems define the logic of your game. In FCS you normally would add your logic inside a component 
with Oxygen we use systems for that. Oxygen itself is completly platform agnostic, meaning it has
no render loop. It only knows `execute`, which is a method equal to the `update` method in Flame.

On each `execute` Oxygen automatically calls all the systems that were registered in order. But in
Flame we can have different logic for different loops (render/update). So in `flame_oxygen` we 
introduced the `RenderSystem` and `UpdateSystem` mixin. These mixins allow you to add the `render`
method and the `update` method respectivally to your custom system. For more information see the 
[RenderSystem](#RenderSystem) and [UpdateSystem](#UpdateSystem) section.

If you are coming from FCS you might expect certain default functionality that you normally got 
from the `PositionComponent`. As mentioned before components do not contain any kind of logic, but
to give you the same default functionality we also created a class called `BaseSystem`. This system 
acts almost identical to the prerender logic from the `PositionComponent` in FCS. You only have 

> to extend your own system from it to access it. For more information see the 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to subclass it to your own system. For more information see the 
```

Extend may be ambiguous.
